heart of in front of zadna Bakery one of
the bakeries that been producing bread
for thousands of
Palestinians especially displaced
Palestinians we are inah where at least
1.8 million Palestinian displaced people
rely on these uh bakeries and the main
reason that people are relying on this
bread because the price is the same
exact price before the war because the
world food program provides bakeries
with flour yeast Fuel and everything but
due to the lack of fuel yesterday only
one Bakery out of seven worked and
started producing bread according to the
people that are waiting here they have
been waiting for 2 hours to receive
bread as the bakeries minimize and
decrease their working
hours I have been here for almost 4
hours waiting to take a loaf of bread to
my family my family consists of nine
members
firewood is scarce and very expensive
which means I cannot bake in the oven I
come here every day it's not only
bakeries also hospitals are in uh
witnessing severe lack of fuel and
they're also being threatened of
shutting down their services we're
talking about the Naser Hospital in Rafa
and inun and also the hospitals in the
middle area where every hospital needs
at least 4,000 pisans Amed the talks and
negotiations of ceasefire as long as
those Palestinians do not see any change
on the ground there's nothing positive
about thisas
fire thousands of Palestinian children
in Gaza have had one
or make sure to subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from Al jazer